feat(FloatingPanel): add new FloatingPanel component (#11832)
youzan/vant: packages/vant/src/floating-panel/README.md

# FloatingPanel

### Intro

> A panel that floats at the bottom of a page and is often used to provide additional functionality or information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A panel that floats at the bottom of a page, which can be dragged up and down to browse content, often used to provide additional functionality or information.
```

    />
  </van-cell-group>
</van-floating-panel>
```

### Custom Anchors

```html
<van-floating-panel :anchors="anchors" @height-change="onHeightChange">
  <div style="text-align: center; padding: 15px">
    <p>Panel Show Height {{ height }} px</p>
  </div>
</van-floating-panel>
```

```ts
const anchors = [
  100,
  Math.round(0.4 * window.innerHeight),
  Math.round(0.7 * window.innerHeight),
];
const height = ref(anchors[0]);
const onHeightChange = (h: number) => {
  height.value = h;
};
```

### Head Drag Only

```html
<van-floating-panel :allow-sliding-content="false">
  <div style="text-align: center; padding: 15px">
    <p>Content cannot be dragged</p>
  </div>
</van-floating-panel>
```

## API

### Props

| Attribute | Description | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| anchors | Setting custom anchors, unit `px` | _number[]_ | `[100, window.innerWidth * 0.6]` |
| allow-dragging-content | Allow dragging content | _boolean_ | `true` |
| safe-area-inset-bottom | Whether to enable bottom safe area adaptation | _boolean_ | `true` |

### Events

| Event         | Description               | Arguments        |
| ------------- | ------------------------- | ---------------- |

> | height-change | Panel show height changed | _height: number_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| height-change | Emitted when panel height is changed | _height: number_ |
```
